# Data-Mining-Project

As the Universal Superstar Hospital Team, we are looking to investigate factors that could lead to a patient being underweight, overweight or obese to better understand patient health on a holistic level. We are hoping that by building models that can predict what category an individual would be in based on their lifestyle choices, we can eliminate time in waiting rooms and get to the root of health issues faster. Our doctors are on busy schedules, and the faster that they are able to understand trends in a patient’s life, the better they can be at understanding and diagnosing issues that may be overlooked without the predictions.  

Specifically with this project we would like to understand what factors could predict if a person would be underweight, overweight or obese. These findings will be used to make better recommendations in yearly physicals for lifestyle changes and potential trends, as well as rule out certain diseases or ailments in diagnosis. Obviously, these findings will not be one size fits all, but we would like to be as accurate in our modeling as possible.  

The data that we are using for this exploration is a collection of data collected by data scientists at UC Irvine1 for the estimation of obesity levels in individuals from Mexico, Peru and Colombia, based on their eating habits and physical condition. There are sixteen features in the data and 2111 instances. Twenty-three percent of the data was collected directly through users on a web platform and seventy-seven percent was generated synthetically using a Weka tool. There are no missing values.  

